NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-kube-prometheus-kube-prome-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          96m
pod/kube-prometheus-grafana-79cdfd87d4-dks9x                 3/3     Running   0          98m
pod/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-operator-7c6f77dcfb-2cg7s     1/1     Running   0          98m
pod/kube-prometheus-kube-state-metrics-5996768786-vdl4t      1/1     Running   0          98m
pod/kube-prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-49mgc           1/1     Running   0          98m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-kube-prome-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          96m

NAME                                               TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                      ClusterIP   None            <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   96m
service/kube-prometheus-grafana                    NodePort    10.102.218.96   <none>        80:30300/TCP                 98m
service/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-alertmanager    ClusterIP   10.103.55.100   <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            98m
service/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-operator        ClusterIP   10.101.213.62   <none>        443/TCP                      98m
service/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-prometheus      ClusterIP   10.104.26.150   <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            98m
service/kube-prometheus-kube-state-metrics         ClusterIP   10.104.11.8     <none>        8080/TCP                     98m
service/kube-prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   ClusterIP   10.96.133.82    <none>        9100/TCP                     98m
service/prometheus-operated                        ClusterIP   None            <none>        9090/TCP                     96m

NAME                                                      DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/kube-prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   98m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-grafana               1/1     1            1           98m
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-operator   1/1     1            1           98m
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-kube-state-metrics    1/1     1            1           98m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-grafana-79cdfd87d4               1         1         1       98m
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-kube-prome-operator-7c6f77dcfb   1         1         1       98m
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-kube-state-metrics-5996768786    1         1         1       98m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-kube-prometheus-kube-prome-alertmanager   1/1     96m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-kube-prome-prometheus       1/1     96m
